Come join my fan club!
I'm in a PK battle with Xiaojian.
Thank you to "Mom Love Me Again"
for the Carnival gift. Spread out.
Three, two, one, dance.
Thank you.
Hit follow
and give me red hearts!
Come on.
Guys, let's cheer her on.
Bunny girl! Bunny girl!
Guys,
thank you.
Thank you for the support!
Guys,
I'm going all out for you.
Go greet Anran first.
If she's not mad when she sees you,
wave me over.
Got it, don't worry.
Go, quick.
You go first.
[- Good morning.]
[- These three, right?]
Morning.
[Quick, come here.]
Anran, I'm back.
How's your father-in-law doing?
Much better.
I'm here to apologize.
You gave me
such a great opportunity,
but I failed you.
I caused you a lot of trouble.
I'm sorry.
These yellow roses are for you.
They mean "I'm sorry".
It's fine.
Don't worry about it.
You're married,
and family comes before career.
I totally understand.
But I checked the almanac today.
Yellow is unlucky for my career.
Xiaohe, take these flowers
to the front desk
for the receptionist.
[Okay.]
Actions speak louder.
I'll take your assistant
as an apology.
Why not send him to me?
- Thanks.
- Liu Bo, right?
Yes.
You're cute.
Thank you.
Yellow is unlucky for me too.
But yellow's
pretty good for me.
Can you learn
from stone-faced Xiaohe?
You smile all the time.
We look totally unprofessional.
Okay, I will.
Bo,
if Anran tries to poach you,
will you go?
You hesitated,
seriously?
I'd never go.
I'm absolutely loyal.
I swear I won't go.
You'd better.
Remember what I've done for you.
Hi, guys,
I'm back.
Did you hear?
Ms. Liao's account
got banned.
And Anran's behind it.
Watch what you say.
I'm this close to her.
Okay, okay.
Listen up,
we're at a
life-or-death moment here.
We're in the same situation.
I've offended Anran.
She didn't even take the flowers.
So what
do we do now?
Fight. What else can I do?
Close the door.
Okay.
Guys.
♪Beat the drums and sing along.♪
♪I'm riding my horse across the hill.♪
♪Shalima, Shalima, Shali...♪
What are you doing? Cursing?
I'm not. I'm singing.
What's that word?
What are you doing?
Close it.
Come help me out.
It's hot today
and you're wearing all these layers?
I need to put this on now.
It's a knockoff
I bought somewhere else.
Have some water first.
No time.
Hurry up.
What is this?
I bought this knockoff
on another platform.
I need to wear it and look terrible,
so the stuff in Anran's livestream
looks authentic.
That way everyone will buy from her.
Isn't that cheating?
How is this cheating?
It's to educate consumers.
Putting it on is like stuffing a sausage.
Stop joking around.
Is it right?
Put your arm through here.
It took me hours to secure those layers.
Now you've made me
look like I've got a big tumor.
The layers aren't arranged properly.
No, it's fine.
Doesn't this look okay?
Wait, wait.
I look like
a pregnant earthworm.
Here, stuff some inside.
What are these?
How dare you?
As long as it works.
Looks perfect.
You sure?
But why does it seem...
Is it ugly?
Not quite human.
Then what?
You know, a big disc
on the bottom,
spinning around,
with a little point on top.
Get over here!
Wait, wait.
What?
I didn't say anything.
Where are you going?
What did I even say?
Stop there.
You try it on.
Come here and try it.
I really can't.
Let go, let go.
Such a coward.
This is surely going to work.
Hurry up.
I need to film a video.
Anran, thank you so much.
It's raining and I
couldn't get a ride.
Over 100 people were in line.
No worries. It's on my way.
I got your car floor mat
all wet.
It's fine, really.
I'll clean it later.
Just don't send me flowers anymore.
Waste of money.
I feel awful about last time.
I'm sincerely sorry.
I can tell you're sincere,
and I see your attitude.
You put yourself out there in those videos.
I appreciate your effort.
Going from
TV host
to where you are now
isn't easy.
I think you have potential.
Anran, if you could
give me another chance,
I definitely won't let you down.
Honestly,
I'd like to help you out,
but not right now.
For at least the next week,
I need to livestream with Xiaojian.
Since you
stood me up last time,
I
owe him
this favor.
I understand.
We'll find another time.
I'll schedule
a good slot for you.
Okay, got it.
I can wait however long.
Don't feel pressured.
Are you a bit scared of me?
No.
Because of rumors in the company?
You heard that
I took down Ms. Liao, right?
I don't believe
you haven't heard about this.
Just be honest.
It's all rumors.
They're making this up.
Every company's like this.
You probably won't
believe me,
but this actually
has nothing to do with me.
I was falsely blamed.
[But]
[Ms. Liao got in trouble]
[when she was battling with Xiaojian.]
Xiaojian's close with me.
So everyone at the company and online
started spreading
[rumors that I orchestrated it.]
[How can I be this capable?]
If I could predict things that well,
I'd just be a fortune teller.
[I understand. I never]
[believed it anyway.]
Every company
is like this.
Everyone echoes
the rumors
and adds fake details.
[It was the same]
[at the TV station.]
[They even said I]
[had connections.]
As long as you don't take it to heart,
those words can't hurt you.
I don't believe them.
Good that you understand.
Xiaohe,
this bag is from a brand partner.
The style's very young. You can have it.
Thank you.
By the way,
the meeting notes from two days ago,
[did you send them?]
Let me check.
[Check?]
[If you don't push them,]
[they'll just]
[drag forever.]
You're my assistant.
You should be tracking these things.
Why do I always have to remind you?
You told me to
verify the product selection.
Can't the two tasks be done together?
[In our line of work,]
[you need to learn to]
[multitask.]
How many times do I
have to teach you?
Look at Ran's assistant,
handsome,
capable and cheerful.
He is quite
something.
Where'd you find
such a great helper?
Really.
Bo and I don't have
much experience.
We're figuring
things out as we go.
And we make
plenty of mistakes.
Xiaohe has
many strengths too. She...
What strengths? Be specific.
She's good.
What's good?
Tell me.
She's pretty.
Much more attractive than Bo.
[Bo is average.]
[Alright, don't]
[force it.]
I find you quite amusing.
Ran?
What?
What happened to your room?
It's a complete mess.
[Looks like a pigsty.]
It's not that bad.
[Stuff piled everywhere.]
What is all this?
Why so many pillows?
What a waste.
Then just use them.
If one gets old, just replace it.
[Why would I need so many pillows?]
Listen, your
father-in-law's in hospital.
Get up, get dressed,
[and go visit him.]
He's almost fine.
There are so many people with him.
I can't do anything...
You don't even sleep at night.
Making all that noise.
You're getting
[more...]
I'm sorry. I'll move out soon.
I'm already looking for a place.
[I'll definitely]
[clean this room up.]
You're moving out?
I'm looking for a place.
How could you
not discuss this with me?
Isn't that what I'm doing now?
Aren't you just notifying me?
If you move out, what about
Yudong?
Of course he's coming with me.
I won't leave him here.
[Wait,]
isn't he going back to Canada?
After his dad got sick,
he seems fine,
but he's really worried inside.
[He's not going.]
And now he's going to
find a job. It's fine.
Any progress in the job hunt?
It's not another
ProFix gig, is it?
No, it's not.
[Mom, Mom.]
This time...
Nothing's confirmed yet.
I'll tell you
when it is.
Alright. Whatever the job is,
as long as you have one.
[I just think]
[it's good you're staying in China.]
You two can be together,
and our whole family
can be together.
It's great.
Yeah.
But you don't have to
move out.
If I don't move, I'll drive you crazy.
You were just complaining.
[It's fine. Just buy]
[a pair of]
earplugs online.
I'll plug my ears
and you can live with us.
It'd make me a terrible daughter.
It's okay.
Go change.
We need to leave.
I did. I'm waiting for you.
For me? Why didn't you say so?
Don't forget to
take the soup with you.
I told you to get up.
But you didn't listen.
Now you're scolded.
We're being so inconsiderate.
Mom, don't worry.
We may be moving out,
[but we're always around.]
[If anything]
[breaks down at home,]
[just call me and I'll be right back.]
[Things don't break that often.]
Dad, what
are you doing in there?
I'm in a hurry.
[He already went out.]
[- Out?]
[- He's not in there.]
Can the price go any lower?
Ma'am,
the landlord has reduced
it several times.
No room to go lower.
Then keep looking.
See if there are other places.
Try again.
We've seen nearly
all houses around here
that fit your budget
and requirements.
I just don't believe...
If not, forget it.
Just stay at your mom's.
If you really
hate that room,
I'll fix it up for you.
Stay there for a bit.
How long would renovation take?
Very simple. Just new wallpaper
and a few pieces of furniture.
Two days tops.
But there'll still be formaldehyde.
We'd be living in...
Sir, Ma'am.
I'll use eco-friendly materials.
If you have concerns
about the budget,
I do have
a property that
fits your requirements.
But it's a bit special.
If you want to see it...
We don't need it.
Wait, we do.
- Let's see it.
- Let's go.
Why didn't you mention it earlier?
I really can renovate.
Please come in.
This place is pretty nice.
It used to be a model unit.
Yeah.
Hello?
It's spacious.
I thought you
weren't coming back.
Who's that?
No, nothing.
Are you planning
to renovate now?
[House viewing. Future neighbor here!]
[Sorry.]
This place looks expensive.
This won't work.
Haven't we been making money lately?
- We can afford it.
- Let's keep looking.
As for the price...
It's not too high.
Is it in our range?
Yes, yes.
Good.
The interior is about 150 square meters.
A couple
bought it as their
future wedding home,
[but they later went abroad.]
So they never renovated it.
It's still in the model
unit condition.
The lighting's nice.
Look, this spot would be
perfect for my workspace.
Look,
good natural light.
Right, right.
What are you looking for?
What's wrong?
Can I use the bathroom
here?
Right now you need the bathroom?
Where is it?
There, there.
Okay, give it to me.
Hurry, go.
This is a mini bar, right?
Exactly.
Having a drink here would
feel pretty classy.
Excuse me.
This bathroom has no door?
It's a model unit.
For display purposes we didn't install doors.
You could...
This one too?
So none of these rooms have doors,
[right?]
[You go ahead.]
We'll look over here.
No one's watching you. Just go.
This is the bedroom, right?
Yeah, it's
the master bedroom.
No door either?
Yes.
It's quite spacious.
Yes, and it faces south.
South-facing, right?
Exactly.
[A walk-in closet too?]
[Yes.]
[A large one.]
[So another bathroom]
is here.
All connected.
[This is the secondary bedroom.]
[Oh, another bedroom?]
[Nice, nice.]
[The layout...]
[Everything's fine,]
[except, since it's a model unit,]
[the pipes and wiring]
are a bit
not great.
Pipes and wiring?
Yes, right.
Sorry.
The pipes and wiring
definitely have issues.
Model units
look good,
but the actual quality is poor.
Let's check out other places.
Just minor issues.
Replace the pipes and it'll be fine.
Hold on, I need to take this call.
Sorry.
I'm viewing a house now.
Alright, I'm
leaving now.
Okay.
Well,
I really like this place,
especially
the natural light and layout.
Right.
There are still some issues, though.
I will
contact you online, okay?
We'll discuss the rental
details later.
But if there are
any problems,
you have to tell
my husband honestly, okay?
Don't worry, ma'am.
Then you handle the rest with him.
Take this.
See you at the hospital tonight
and behave yourself.
[I gotta go now.]
[So, keep in touch?]
Okay, I'll call you.
[Okay.]
Sir, sir?
Settled then?
Should we do the deposit now?
I don't handle the money.
[Sign here.]
[The patient can be discharged tomorrow.]
[Make sure he takes his meds on time]
[and watch closely]
[for any side effects.]
[Also,]
[pay]
[special attention to his diet.]
Thanks.
[Does he like heavy, salty food?]
[Does he eat organ meats?]
Probably not.
[How's his sleep?]
[Does he snore?]
I'm not sure. As for snoring,
maybe not.
[Does he smoke?]
What?
[Smoking. Does he smoke or not?]
I don't think so.
[Wait, are you actually his son?]
Yeah.
Enjoy the feast.
Help yourselves.
Come on, come on.
Cheers. Cheers.
Thank you, thank you.
Congrats. Congrats.
Thanks.
Wish you happy years together.
Congratulations.
Bottom's up.
Congrats, Mr. Fu.
What a wonderful day.
Guys, eat and drink.
Those two have been
close since they were kids.
Yeah.
For sure.
That's right.
Now their parents are married.
Best friends becoming real brothers.
Come on.
Fu's here. Let's toast to him.
Let's drink to the newlyweds.
Yongjun, best wishes.
Thank you.
Congratulations.
Help yourselves and enjoy the party.
Thank you all. Thanks.
Let's drink.
That's a lot. Don't get drunk.
Mr. Fu.
Okay, thank you. Cheers.
Xiaoyan, congratulations.
Thank you, thank you.
You look stunning today.
We have to leave now.
Okay, okay.
Bye.
Thank you so much.
Alright.
Yudong, let me help you.
No need, Ms. Wang.
I've got it.
Ms. Wang, you look like
you're twenty today.
Your false eyelash fell off.
Just kidding
What's wrong?
You mean Yudong?
He's fine.
He's actually happy.
He just hasn't fully
processed it yet.
Am I being
a nuisance to you?
Don't say that.
This is wonderful news!
You have no idea how relieved I feel
now that you're married off.
So mouthy.
You guys had enough to drink?
Have some more, come on.
Yudong, not leaving yet?
Here.
Be careful.
Take it slow.
Yudong.
Everybody, hop in!
Quickly!
Happy wedding!
Off to the bridal chamber!
Everyone, get in now!
Hurry!
Zhang Ran's mom
made this soup specially for you.
Simmered all night.
Drink it while it's hot.
Thank you.
Yudong, you're here.
Xiaoyan.
Have a seat.
Your dad's been talking about you.
With you here,
he looked all ruddy.
The doctor says
he can be discharged tomorrow.
Really?
Great! We can go home
and rest properly.
Didn't you want chicken soup?
It's ready. I brought it for you.
Yudong, have some.
Your dad insists you do.
No, no, I'm fine.
You two share it.
I'm gonna go outside.
You two have it.
Starving, aren't you?
Am I interrupting you?
Not at all.
Alright, eat up then.
The layout of that apartment is superb,
great natural light too.
Feels bright and spacious.
Most importantly,
close to where I work.
Not far away from yours too.
That's wonderful.
But did you scour
inside that place?
They say rental units often
have lots of minor issues.
Doesn't matter.
Fu Yudong can fix anything.
Fixing things around the house
is his specialty.
Not just our own,
he helps the neighbors too.
Just talking about the rental.
He fixed the neighbors' stuff too.
Really?
A real handyman.
Visiting hours are over. Gotta go.
Time to head home.
Alright.
Okay, Dad, Mom,
we'll be off now.
Rest well, Dad.
Thank you, Zhang Ran.
No need for thanks.
Let's go.
The soup?
Soup's divine, yeah?
I'll have my mom work the magic again.
Thank your mom for me.
Don't mention it.
We're off now.
Take care.
Can you at least
crack a smile?
End of visiting hours.
Don't disturb their rest.
What's that look?
You're making me feel like a felon.
It's getting in my eyes.
As if. This is anti-splash!
For real.
It has a splash guard.
Let me know early what kind of soup
you're bringing to the
hospital tomorrow,
so I can get the groceries early.
Don't bother.
His dad's being discharged tomorrow.
About to be discharged?
All this time,
we haven't even visited once.
How thoughtless!
Come on, arrange for us to meet.
Arrange? I've already tried.
I've talked myself hoarse.
But if I ever said
a word about his dad, he flips.
Like a lit firecracker.
What am I to do?
You're now
his daughter-in-law.
Just remember,
no matter what,
harmony leads to prosperity.
You've got to help
mend their relationship.
They may act stubborn,
but they'll appreciate it deep down.
Of course I get it.
Your daughter's not an idiot.
Get what? You little fool.
I can't stop being worried
about this moving-out thing.
After all these years?
I just came back from abroad, remember?
I can tell
a good guy from a kidnapper.
Who would buy you, huh?
You'd better
talk me up a bit.
After all, it reflects on you too.
Is my dad stuck in there?
Dad, can you hurry up?
I'm dying to take a shower.
If you don't knock,
he won't hear you.
I saw him yesterday
watching girls dance, Mom.
Keep an eye on him.
Good.
So we can kick him out, is that it?
Is yours too hot?
Mine's not at all.
Add some boiling water for me.
Move it.
Let me test it.
Are you trying to scald me to death?
Just mix it with your foot!
Ran's moving out.
Is that why you're taking it out on me?
You should talk to her.
What's the point?
Our daughter is married.
She has her own family now.
For the second half of her life,
the most important person is Yudong.
We are only her family of origin.
You have to accept that.
Her moving out
is her returning to her own family.
What about us?
We stay in ours, just the two of us.
Isn't that nice?
Young couple, old companions.
Zhang Ran has Yudong.
Don't you have me by your side?
Since when did you become so eloquent?
I thought you were reading from something.
Is that an option?
Family of origin or not,
I'm still her mother.
She's flesh of my flesh.
Even if she gave me the cold shoulder,
I'd be happy she stayed.
Yes, you're right.
You're the closest person to her.
You'll always be her mother.
That will never change.
Alright, soak your own feet then.
How am I supposed
to use it later?
Here.
This outfit feels really weird.
The pants are super tight.
Alright, looks good on you.
Fits well.
I don't even know how to play soccer.
Will I be okay?
No problem.
Just goof around.
Why are our jerseys
different?
I deliberately placed you on
the opposing team.
Your main mission today
is to disrupt their rhythm.
They don't know you can't play.
We'll coordinate from inside and out.
Got it?
You want me to be a spy?
More accurately, an undercover agent.
Watch for my signal then.
Play it by ear.
Sorry.
Try to find a way
to let Xing Kai score more.
Ever since we last met him,
there's been no word.
I thought the deal fell through.
Why soccer?
No falling through.
Today's game
is precisely to seal the deal.
Cheng Man used to close deals
at the HK investment bank
by playing tennis with the bosses.
This is some
high-level business etiquette.
Alright.
Be bold and aggressive!
Wait,
what exactly should I do?
Just follow the ball.
Liu, over here!
Why are you always following me?
Over here!
What are you doing? Get away!
Move!
Nice shot!
Keep pressing, go!
Great goal!
How's that? Not bad, yeah?
Dude, I asked you to be an undercover,
but you're practically becoming
the MVP for the other team.
You are not
supposed to compete with him?
Didn't you tell me to follow the ball?
I wanted to let him score!
Oh my gosh.
Then what should I do?
Forget it. I doubt he's
ever played like this.
Play properly.
He's not an idiot.
Got it.
Be a good teammate.
Here, pass to me!
Over here!
Mr. Xing!
Are you okay?
Are you alright?
Mr. Xing! Mr. Xing!
Go get an ice pack!
Okay.
What the hell, man?
Who's that on the ground?
Xing Kai. You knocked him over.
Did I?
Didn't you say
to be bold and aggressive?
Yeah, but I didn't
tell you to
murder the old man!
So what now?
We're screwed. Total disaster.
Forget about his money.
We're lucky if he doesn't sue us.
Liu, go call them over.
Okay.
Mr. Li.
Mr. Xing wants to see you both.
I'm fine. Don't crowd around.
It's alright.
Are you okay, Mr. Xing?
I'm fine.
Everyone, break it up, please.
Go take a break.
Go on.
Okay, okay.
Let's chat.
Sit, you two.
I'm so sorry.
It's nothing. Actually, I...
I... I really didn't mean to.
I'm so sorry.
That was just my excuse to rest.
Sit, please.
He just got back from abroad.
Still jet-lagged.
So his mind has always
been a bit off. Really sorry.
Truly.
It's fine.
Sorry, sorry.
Dr. Fu, rest assured.
My offer to you both
still stands.
In fact, I've got to know you
better from this game.
And I like you even more now.
You're genuine, not a flatterer.
I'm even happier you knocked me down.
In the past,
when company founders
played soccer with me,
they'd feed me passes
if they were on my team.
Even if they weren't,
no one dared to tackle,
let alone bump into me.
You are the first to ever knock me down.
So, let's hear it.
When are you two planning to start
working for me?
Anytime.
Seriously, we're ready.
Daoqi, I've thought it over.
You have a background in marketing.
I plan to have you
join the sales department
as a senior manager.
What monthly salary
are you having in mind?
Anything is fine. Your shots.
Good, good.
I like that attitude of yours,
not haggling over price.
But I don't want to be a senior manager.
I want to become
a partner in this company.
A partner?
Dr. Fu, what are your thoughts?
We're more than brothers.
No matter what we do,
we feel more secure doing it together.
Secure, huh?
I understand you.
But that doesn't mean
others do too.
Look, I'll be honest with you.
This time, I'm putting in
51% for the angel round.
Later there will be Series A, B, C...
There will be more
investment firms coming in.
We'll expand the scale,
and generate hype.
Daoqi, tell me,
how do I explain to others
your position in this company?
Where does your value lie?
Well, here's the thing. I'm thinking
no other investors needed.
I'll cover the other
forty-nine percent.
Forty-nine?
Okay?
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
And I
want to be the legal representative.
Is that okay?
Well.
In a soccer match,
the primary investor
gets knocked down
by the company's CEO.
Not only is he unhurt,
he gains a second investor from it.
Sitting on the field,
they map out the company's
future business plan.
What a great startup story.
Alright.
Pleasure doing business.
Pleasure's mine.
Where's the money?
I'm talking to you.
Somewhere. Don't worry.
How can I not worry?
I'm your partner.
Of course I care.
Trust me, it's there.
Just tell me.
Won the lottery.
Tell me the truth.
Alright, but don't tell
Cheng Man or my mom, yeah?
Just spill it!
I sold my home.
Are you nuts?
Sold it?
Not the one we live in.
The old one I lived in with my mom.
After I got married,
my mom thought no asset to my name
means nothing
to fall back on.
She insisted on transferring it to me.
Perfect timing. No one'd know
if I sold it.
Don't you dare tell anyone.
You shouldn't have sold any of them!
Where are you going?
That wasn't a big deal before.
But now you're
putting pressure on me.
You know?
Good. You should feel stressed.
You're the CEO, after all.
No pressure, no drive.
Work hard, partner.
Turn that pressure into motivation.
When we make it big,
we'll each get a mansion.
Also,
why did you insist on
being the legal rep?
Because on the business license,
the only name you'll see
is the legal rep's.
Understand?
Let's go.
Where to?
Isn't your dad getting discharged tonight?
Let's go see him.
Take your tie.
I've got stuff to do. I'll bail.
Why bailing?
I have things to do. Understood?
Hey.
Man.
Which one of us is the real son here?
Anyone can pick him up. You go.
Unbelievable.
Yudong.
The day after Xiaoyan and I got married,
you left for Canada.
Twenty years have passed in a blink.
How many
twenty-year spans do we get in life?
It's seventeen.
Bo?
Hurry! She's about to go off air.
Tried my best.
Everything okay?
This one worked out okay.
Good.
She's not off yet, right?
No, not yet.
Should be any second.
Let me check.
She's off, off, off.
Quick, quick!
Perfect timing.
Anran.
Anran, I got you all some coffee.
Thank you.
No problem.
No sneakers today?
I bought these high heels
from your live stream.
I don't usually shop
in live streams.
I think you have great taste,
so I bought a pair there.
My pillows
were also from your stream.
Me, my husband, my parents,
we all use those pillows.
Even this neck pillow
is from there.
Yeah, cheap, comfy, and warm.
Really?
Yep.
And you look adorable wearing it.
Thanks.
You don't have to waste money.
If you need,
just tell me.
I'll send it to you.
Okay?
It's not wasteful spending.
We genuinely
want to support you.
We'll leave you to it.
Zhang Ran.
You're a real laugh
and interesting.
I'll just leave my live stream
in your capable hands.
I feel at ease with you here.
Keep it up.
Will do. Thanks.
Thank you.
A beautiful new day begins!
Are Yudong and Ran
occupied today?
Yes, Zhang Ran is live streaming.
She can't make it today.
Yudong was about to come together,
but then an investor
called him last minute,
so he went to meet him.
Why didn't he take you along?
I'm here to pick you up.
Besides, both of us
showing up feels like
an overkill for a small investor.
Yudong has business to do.
Actually, he's here.
Looks like the meeting wrapped up fast.
Hey you, move. Help him into the car.
Let's go, Mr. Fu.
Take it easy.
Here, come on.
This way.
Yudong.
Didn't delay things?
Not at all.
I don't want to be your burden.
You're not.
You won't be.
Let's go.
Little liar.
Probably that investor
wasn't that reliable anyway.
Probably.
Isn't it wonderful
that he came?
Exactly.
See? Everything's fine.
Fu Yudong, stop.
What's all the stomping ahead about?
Do you have an idea
I haven't eaten all day?
Those heels have
rubbed my feet raw.
Since when
did you start to
wear high heels?
Normally I don't.
These were a token of sincerity.
I offended Lin Anran, so I specially
bought them from her live stream.
I don't get you.
Something on your mind, dear?
Not really.
Oh, right.
You met the investor today.
How did it go?
Reached an agreement.
But deep down,
I'm still uneasy.
What's there to be uneasy about?
It's good news.
What's bothering you?
You're all frowny.
You've got to
un-furrow that brow.
I'm worried about Li Daoqi.
He sold his apartment
for this venture.
Doesn't that mean
he's seriously going all in?
All businesses do have risks.
But it's not wise
being restless.
Well, you can't
be freaking out all the time.
Hold on tight, will you?
You hold on.
You're bouncing me around.
Don't you dare drop me.
Honey, I think we
are both due for a rebound.
How?
Look.
Today, Lin Anran,
that massive iceberg,
was melted by me.
What else could
hold us back?
Optimist.
Of course. No big deal.
Can you slow down?
My heels hurt.
Can't.
Then can you go faster?
Feel like
we're crawling.
That's the fastest I can go.
Fu Yudong, do you know
what your flaw is?
What?
You're a lump of an iceberg.
Lump?
Nice wording.
If I'm an iceberg, what are you?
I'm the dollar-store icebreaker.
All set.
Yudong.
Come visit when you have time.
Okay.
It's not like
they're moving far away.
Just across town.
Don't always order takeout.
If you crave something, just call
or send a message.
Alright. Don't worry.
We're off then.
Hello, anybody here?
Talk to me too, yeah?
I'm coming over right now.
You have the key.
You can help yourself 24/7.
Do we need to remind you?
I'm still your daughter, okay?
Treat me better.
Bye, goodbye.
Let's go.
Bye, Dad, Mom.
Alright.
Go back inside.
Are you crying?
Oh, stop it.
Why would I cry?
I'll come visit you often.
I'll miss you too.
See you, little chatterbox.
Look how thrilled she is.